## issues

File any bug reports, suggestions, or feedback!

## Contributing

We're fresh out the gate, but many people have been wanting to chip in to help
us make the VR Web a thing. We are just three people so we definitely need all
the help we can get!

### Testing and Feedback

The greatest thing we appreciate and helps us out the most is just jumping into
the headset, trying our projects out, and letting us know what you think. For
instance, if you see a broken site on Supermedium or something.  Whether that
be bugs, suggestions, or input on the roadmap:

- File an issue on this repo
- Email us at team@supermedium.com
- Discuss on the [A-Frame](https://aframevr-slack.herokuapp.com/) or
  [WebVR](https://slacknow.herokuapp.com/webvr) Slacks (`#supermedium`,
  `@dmarcos`, `@ngokevin`,` @feiss`)

Let us know if there is a communication channel that you prefer.

### Build with Supercraft

Try out [Supercraft](https://supermedium.com/supercraft/), build something, and
publish it! This adds another site to the WebVR ecosystem, and we can feature
it through our homepage, [Twitter](https://twitter.com/supermediumvr), or our
[Instagram](http://instagram.com/supermediumvr). This also helps collect
feedback!

#### Suggest or Develop a WebVR Site

The more great content we feature on Supermedium, the better! If you see a
WebVR site (e.g., on the Web or Sketchfab) or have developed a WebVR site
(e.g., A-Frame, Supercraft) that you think we should feature, let us know!
We're happy to answer any development-related questions.

We prefer 6DoF-enabled content, see our frendly [development
guidelines](http://supermedium.com/blog/webvr-guidelines).

### Direct Code Contributions

Core projects such as [Supermedium](https://supermedium.com) and
[Supercraft](https://supermedium.com/supercraft/) are primary closed-source,
although we use those projects to backport improvements and stress test
[A-Frame](https://aframe.io) and components. We also open source reusable
components and let people know of patterns we find.

Help with A-Frame and the ecosystem indirectly help us both in improved tools
and freeing us up a bit to innovate on more projects. We still spend a lot of
our effort helping developers, and there are still tons of stuff we would like
to do with A-Frame like write more guides. Everything helps.

We do open source our experiments and various one-off WebVR applications
([Super Says](https://github.com/supermedium/supersays) or [Gunters of
OASIS](https://github.com/supermedium/gunters-of-oasis). Code contributions are
definitely accepted for those. We come from open source and love it when we
find stuff we can open up. If you particularly like any of those projects, feel
free to jump in!

### Leaving a Review

A review on [Steam](http://store.steampowered.com/app/803010/Supermedium/) or
[Oculus](https://www.oculus.com/experiences/rift/1629560483789871/) would be
greatly appreciated! As is word of mouth, we're still small fish, we could use
some help growing a bit if you like what we have.
